.\#
.\# gcbayes.1
.\# gcbayes Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam
.\#

.TH GCBAYES 1 "2012-08-06" "GCBAYES 1.0" \
"BAYESIAN ANALYSIS OF GLOBULAR CLUSTER PULSARS"


.SH NAME
gcbayes \- perform a Bayesian analysis of globular cluster pulsar luminosities


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gcbayes
[options]


.SH DESCRIPTION
Perform a Bayesian analysis of globular cluster pulsar luminosities.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h
display a short help text
.TP
\-d
select the input device
.TP
\-f
set the number of 2GB files to be written
.TP
\-t
set the acquisition time in minutes
.TP
\-m
select the acquisition mode
.TP
\-s
override the source name read from the config file
.TP
\-o
in sniff modes, set the packet offset
.TP
\-k
kill the existing instance of this program
.TP
\-c
use the M&C config file
.TP
\-v
display the version


.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
HOME
Base directory, used to locate the files required by this program.


.SH FILES
.TP
~/config/mbr_das.xml
The DAS configuration file.
.TP
~/config/mbr_das.dtd
The Document Type Definition file for the DAS configuration file.
.TP
~/config/mbr_mc.xml
The M&C configuration file.
.TP
~/config/mbr_mc.dtd
The Document Type Definition file for the M&C configuration file.
.TP
~/log/error.log
The error log file.
.TP
~/lock/acquire.lock
Lock file used to limit the number of instances of the program to one.
.TP
~/scripts/mbr_killacquire.py
The script run by the program to kill existing instances, on given the
-k flag.


.SH NOTES


.SH BUGS
The lock file will not get removed if the PC gets switched off abruptly, as
can happen typically on power supply failure. If mbracquire is run on
booting the PC again, it will terminate after displaying the following
error message:

.I ERROR: Another instance found!

The way around this problem is to delete the lock file.


.SH EXAMPLE
mbracquire -d eth0 -f 2


.SH SEE ALSO
.I Chennamangalam, Lorimer, Mandel, Bagchi, 2012, Submitted to MNRAS


.SH AUTHORS
.TP 
gcbayes was written by Jayanth Chennamangalam with inputs from Duncan \
Lorimer, Ilya Mandel, and Manjari Bagchi.
